Implement some modules about folloing functionalities:
1. Left shifting the tree.
2. Randomly generating the height of the tree
3. Displaying the mian game process on the screen.
After finished this part, we will see following properties:
1. Trees will appearing on the right of the screen, with ramdom height, moving to the left as a regular speed and finally disappear on the left of the screen.
2. Each tree will have a food on top of it.
3. The bird will just hovering in the middle and will not move in any direction.

Implement some modules about following functionalities:
1. Make the bird be able to fall down slowly by itself and fly up according the input signal.
2. A finite state maching about several states such as playing the game, game over and restarting the game.
3. Calculate the hit box of tree, bird, food, sky, ground, make score condition and game over condition if the bird hits any particular thing.
After finished this part, we will see following properties:
1. Any properties we saw in part 1.
2. The bird will move vertically instead of hover in mid air. It will fall down automatically and can only fly up if we give it the right input.
3. Once the bird hits the food, the food will disappear.
4. Once the bird hits tree, ground or sky, the game will over and we will jump to another interface untill we press the restart buttom.
5. We are able to restart the game once the game is over, or any time.

Implement some modules about following functionalities:
1. Make a score system which adds one score once the bird flying over a tree or eating a food successfully, and the score will be displayed as HEX number on ... board
2. Make some art design if have extra time, such as change the image of bird, food, tree and background, and add backgroung music
After finished this part, we will see following properties:
1. Any properties we saw in part2.
2. We will ba able to see our current score on ... board when playing each round of the the game.
3. The game interface will look better.